Endless seas [press Q to continue]
Waves sway and bend under the force of mighty winds
Thunderous claps of water echo through the infinite expanses of deep blue and dark grey
They dissolve to never be heard by a single soul
Only their muted reflections reach those near the coasts of Novomorsk city
##
A beautiful and vast megapolis growing between an abyssal sea and colossal mountains
Bizarre shiny facades of highrises slash the stormy sky into sectors
Millions of roads intertwined between majestic skyscrapers
Flows and torrents of busy people. All in their tiny worlds and hurrying to not end up late somwhere
##
And amongst this turbulent urban motion lives little Emily
A resident of one of those enormous skyscrapers and a beginner origami artist
Here is her newest creation
##
Meet Pi-card
An inanimate piece of pencil-coloured paper
Slightly anticlimactic, isn’t it?
Well don’t be so quick to make conclusions
Consciousness is a curious concept
It shows through in most unlikely places
Pi-Card is not dead but very much alive… though limited by the edges of his thin cellulose body
Maybe that is not his eternal fate…
##
But for now the humid salty breeze is scratching the freckled face of his creator as she sits on the coast just a few meters away from the highway bridge and folds a blue sheet to make a paper ship
She peeks slyly at her freshly-folded little sailor
And smiles a broad innocent smile, admiring the little paper human
##
Seconds later Pi-Card is on a paper boat amidst the waves of raging sea
Emily never intended to drop him, did she?
The wax-covered bottom layer of the boat  barely balances on the waves
Helpless and unable to move Pi-Card watches the looming doom over him throw him around like a grit in the sandstorm
But in the chaos he feels incredibly calm
What else can he do after all?
Like the war of the waters omits him and he simply... floats over it
Except... he actually does float!
A strong ascending gale keeps him and his entire boat not on the water but in the air over it!
He is almost levitating himself as his crayon-marked body raises over the boat surface
Gravity disappears for him, it was never a concept
##
The furious air drags him in torrents and currents and seems to twist the very fabric of the universe itself into a whirlpool
A botomless pit where time and space switch places and physics barely functions
Another second the whirlpool spins the boat around until it gives in to its pull and falls down towards the luring abyss
The world around Pi-Card collapses, flattens and contracts into a dot before fully seizing to exist
