##
Wind cirlcled and circled around the battle field spreading his unavoidable in influence over Curve and Pi-Card, who used Wind's powers to swiftly dodge Curve's attacks
Pi-Card fought for a cause he never thought he'd support - the survival of mankind
He didn't adore or fully support them but nonetheless learned to see humanity beyond the agressive, vicious and hurtful shells
The air flowed around him and embraced his thin body permeating though folds and curves
He could see the machine appear over the ground
Come on Wind, a little more!
He remembered Emily
Her blonde hair and light red freackles that Sun gifted her
Was she really the cruel monster in Curve's eyes?
Did she actually want to return him or Curve?
The rivers of air strengthened
Pi-Card could feel his jumps becoming higher, slower and smoother
Curve's attacks were slowing too until eventually he was just levitating
Pi-Card remembered how he got here, that feeling being so ligh you barely exist
Blinding light washed over Pi-Card and Curve as Pi-Card felt his world once again collapse, flatten amd contract to a point before seizing to exist
##
The gravity suddenly regained its grip on the Pi-Card's body while the air resistance turned him face first towards the ground
Milky clouds rushed by and by as the azure endless aky expanded from behind them
Pi-Card was on Earth again
Dark blue waters twinkled underneath from the midday Sun
The machine flew by
And clinging to it descended Curve
Wind's attempts to save him were futile - he held fast to the machine
Wind could not save Curve and so he collided with the Sea surface letting the sharp salt of the water splash devour him and his creation once and for all
And so he dissolved in the cold waters Black Sea into billions of pieces with zero chances to ever be complete again
With the machine out of the way nothing limited Wind anymore and so he caught his friend into a gust and over the expanse of the ocean until a familiar outline of a city started shimmering on the horizon
##
Picard:: Are you bringing me to Emily?
Wind:: If you wish
Picard:: I don't know, what if Curve was right?
Picard:: What if she threw me out for a reason?
Wind:: No
Picard:: How are you so sure?
Wind:: Hey! I am you new friend AND I got my almighty power back! How come you still don't trust me?
Picard:: Ah yes, I keep forgetting the first part, since it has been what like 20 minutes?
Picard:: Wait. Now with the machine out of the picture, how will-
Wind:: The paper reality people live? Don't worry I already have that being handled. The paper people will all be fine.
Picard:: Thank you
Wind:: Why?
Picard:: For changing my view of the world as you promised I guess
Wind:: I never promissed or did such a thing...
Wind:: You did it yourself Pi-Card
And so Wind let go of Pi-Card
##
He descended through rows and rows of highrises as Wind gently directed him through the window of one of them
Pi-Card landed right into a paper ship on a table in a small room
He couldn't see the room fully but he heard beeping in one of the ends of the room that was out of his eyeshot
It was hospital machinery, a heart rate monitor
Pi-Card heard a woman cough lightly in the same direction
The doors snapped open
A familiar high pitched voice rung
Emily:: Oh look mum, he's back!
The voice of the woman that coughed answered
Emily's mother:: Who is sunshine?
Emily:: Pi-Card, the paper sailor, remember him?
Emily's mother:: Oh yeah. I remember how sad you were when you lost his colourful friend...
Emily's mother:: Curve was his name, wasn't it?
Emily:: I still am mum.
Emily:: I wanted you to see the whole crew as a present
Emily's mother:: Oh that is alright sweetheart. A solitary brave soldier Pi-Card navigating the expanses of the Black Sea also sounds lovely.
Emily's mother:: Come on here Emily, give me a big strong hug like dad does!
##
A gust of wind opened the window wider making its frame turn the paper ship with Pi-Card towards family
He saw Emily hugging her tired ill mother on the hospital bed
It was at that moment that he understood what makes someone human
Love
Only love is a universal force of mature that pushes the boundaries of space-time itself to tie people together
Love is the single conduit for the people lost in darkness
And with all the imperfections humans had love is what forced a warm feeling to suddenly wash over Pi-Card making him increadibly proud to be a part of this tiny human family
Making him ready to stand on his tiny ship and keep on smiling even in the stormiest oceans all just for the joyful little Emily and her kind loving mother
THE END ----- THANK YOU FOR PLAYING
